
Great Speeches - Full Transcripts of My Favorite Inspiring Talks
I gave my first speech in May, 2010.
It was at my hometown public library and  half a dozen people came out. I just kind of stood there and rambled. There were a lot of awkward silences. One guy clapped. 
Since then I’ve given over 500 keynote speeches. I am still getting better. I have a long way to go. One thing I’ve always done is collect speech transcripts and bits of poetry. I study them—inhale them—to see greatness in action. How do they build connection? How do they structure their messages? What’s the science? What’s the art? 
This is a page of my favorite speech transcripts: 
“What I regret most in my life are failures of kindness” by George Saunders
Mississippi Testimony by Brandon Boulware
“What, to the slave, is the fourth of July?” by Frederick Douglass
Post-Game Speech on Jacob Blake and Culture of Fear by Coach Doc Rivers
“The Other America” by Dr Martin Luther King Jr
“I’ve Been to the Mountaintop” by Martin Luther King Jr
“68 bits of unsolicited advice” by Kevin Kelly
I believe in superheroes by IN-Q
“Why did I say “yes” to speak here” by Malcolm Gladwell
2020 Screen Actors Guild Acceptance Speech by Brad Pitt
“On the age of computers”  by Jiddu Krishnamurti
“What does why mean” by Richard Feynman
“Invent your own life’s meaning” by Bill Watterson
Press conference answer on ‘long snapping’ by Bill Belichick
“We don’t move on from grief. We move forward with it” by Nora McInerny
Nobel Acceptance Speech by John Steinbeck
“On the soul-sustaining necessity of resisting self-comparison and fighting cynicism” by Maria Popova
Maximus, to himself by Charles Olson
Sauntering by Christopher Morley
“You Are Brilliant and the Earth is Hiring” by Paul Hawken
“A better measure for society” by Robert F. Kennedy
“The Anatomy of Trust” by Brené Brown
2024 NFL MVP Speech by Josh Allen
2025 Liberal Convention Speech on Tariff War by Former Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrétien 
2016 Nobel Prize Speech by Bob Dylan
